<h2>Chapter Two - A Youth at the Biggest Club in the World</h2>

<p>
It had finally arrived, Alan's first day at his new club, he arrived early, eager and full of excitement for his first training session.
    He was greated by a club representative who showed him to the changing rooms where both current youth players and the others selected
    on the trial were getting prepared for the session ahead. The coach told them they would spend their first training session by watching
    the senior players train to show how hard you have to train and how committed you have to be if you want to succeed at the very top.
    <br><br>
    After viewing the senior session, the young players got to meet their hero's. Alan spoke with many of the senior player gaining advice 
    and knowledge from some of the best players in the world. They were told to work hard on and off the field, ignore the media and public attention 
    surrounding the club and not to let it distract them from becoming the best they can be. Following the talk, Alan team were in awe
    after meeting the players he had been following on the television his whole life. It still felt like a dream.
    <br><br>
    Weeks past, Alan was progressing well and had been improving his game a lot. The coach approached him and said he would be bringing 
    him up a level to the U23's training to see how he managed against the bigger and better players. Alan couldn't believe how fast he 
    has been progressing at the club he has followed his whole life, his dreams were starting to come trough. He was training with some senior
    players and young players who had already made their senior appearances for the club. It was like a dream. Some of the senior players 
    and members of the coaching staff and spoke to him and told him to keep up the good work, that he had been impressing them and there was
    a lot of talk around the club about his potential.Alan was ecstatic.
    <br><br>
        The following week, Alan was training hard with the u23's  and the coach approached him and told him he would be involved in the
    u23's squad for the match the following week and said to him, "Take your chance!". The game arrived and Alan was told he was in the 
    starting 11. He couldn't believe it, he was so excited and couldn't wait to get on the pitch. He played the full 90 minutes of the 
    game, scoring a goal and setting up another in a 2-0 win for the team. The senior manager congratulated him after the game.
    Alan was on cloud nine. For the first time, his name was mentioned in the papers as a 'player to watch out for'.
    Over the next few weeks, Alan played and scored regularly for the u23 team. he had surpassed the youth team and was not looking back. 
    After a 3-0 win where he scored two goals, the senior team manager approached him and said he would be bringing him to train with the 
    senior team and if he kept improving as he has been then it  wouldn't be long before he was getting game time with the senior team.
</p>

</body>
</html>
